hello guys hope you're all doing well
today how are you i'm going to show you
all my recent spring favorites just
things I've been really enjoying things
I recommend and yes in case you're
wondering I did get a haircut kind of
obvious right but let me know down below
if you would like to see an updated
hairstyle routine I don't know just let
me know and so I'm just gonna get right
to it this is kind of like a very candid
video just kind of fun you know I'm
gonna get started boom I'm going to
start off with accessory so as you all
know not a surprise I really love
bracelet successfully listen I almost
bit my tongue my friend Kevin Vincent
hear from heaven Vincent com I know you
guys are already kind of familiar with
him and you know that i really like
supporting a shop i love his bracelet
she has really cool accessories and i
recently received two of his new
bracelets from his new collection and
i'll have the name of each bracelet down
below or right here so you guys can
check it out and I'll mean can step down
below as well but these two are brand
new and I just had to get my hands on
them right away you know really trendy
right now is just like stacks bracelets
and all that and I just always like
bracelets so it's kind of you know cool
that it's kind of convenient to what I
like wearing I haven't know if you would
like to see like a bracelet collection
because I now that I think about it I
have quite a lot I think that'd be kind
of cool this one here is a black matte
bead bracelet it has a little skull just
like a little detail also has little owl
like designs now I'm not quite sure of
their apples but they just look cool
like silver details all around the
bracelet is just a great accessory like
I just love this I like the fact that
it's matt you know being so it's not
like shiny and just looks really
high-end it looks really expensive and
it's just you know boom super qualms
gonna start putting them on right now on
my hand or my wrist this one here is
just through automatically it's just
added to my favorite bracelets now I've
been rocking this one specifically so
much been getting compliments on them as
well for instance this one here is a
silver chain bracelet has schools as
well and I just like the fact that it's
all silver in it is kind of a little
heavy so you can tell it's like legit
you know silver bracelet then I just
love this lot so would you guys do this
week oh I did it now moving on to
sunglasses now I do not know exactly
what brain
Andrew you know who they're from or
where they're from but this was a little
gift from one of my cousin's here which
if you're watching hello you know who
you are Thank You cousin but these
glasses here I've just lately been
really enjoying like these type of
sunglasses because you know especially
if I'm wearing like a you know
monochromatic outfit I can just add
these it gives you a nice pop of color
for spring time and I love the fact that
they're big as well they're just so sick
I mean especially if you style them
right they look really cool would've up
next a necktie so this tie here I wore
this recently and I really like it so
much you know it's really great it has
nice colors for spring time and in fact
I want to actually include this in this
video as well because viewer actually
gave me this I had an event recently
like a month and a half ago I believe in
San Diego the blogger event and what am
I you know viewers one of you guys gave
me this one and you know who you are
thank you so much I have been wearing
this this is from j.crew so I was super
you know so kind of you to give this to
me like I wasn't expecting anything at
all so I just wanted to show this just
give you a shout out like I said you
know who you are and I love like the
stripes lose and Red's white really cool
with like a white button-down shirt
which I war and I just yeah isn't it
really cool now another item Clinton
simple this is also like a summer I
guess item and they are my rainbow
sandals this is a favorites video so I
really recommend sandals that are
rainbow brand like these i recommend
them and if you haven't heard of this
brand your pies anything like all right
there just sandals but i'm telling you
guys like these sandals have lasted me
so freaking long when my friends was
talking you know get rainbow sandals are
gonna last you so long and I'm just like
you know they're just sandals what do
they have like do they make your I don't
know feet smell nice what do they do now
that I have myself a pair of these like
they are worth the height of the Blake
what happens is it actually kind of ends
up molding to your feet and it's just
super comfortable it's made out of real
like just really great material and it's
going to last you for a long time and
like I said I mean these are just
awesome I've had them for about two
years already and I just bring them out
every summer and I just realized I
haven't actually talked about them into
videos so if you guys are looking for
sandals for like vacation summertime
spring
time get yourself a pair of rainbow
chancla also I've been really enjoying
these like tank tops here that have like
floral printed you know pockets these
are great as well I have one in navy
blue as well this is also like in
preparation for summertime really
comfortable especially where I live it
gets super hot I said that so many times
many videos you guys know that but this
is a great little tank top here a great
spring essential now this is from H&M
now I've had this for a while as well
and this is just an essential just
spring hat I mean I who wants to be
liked by am burned by the Sun you know I
don't sew these unless purposely just a
great hat especially if you have a bad
hair day or you're too lazy just pop
this on your head pretty good to go this
is a skincare I guess product it is from
elta MD now this brand from elta MD is
super greatest dermatologist recommended
so if you have acne prone skin or like
sensitive skin get yourself some elta MD
they're a little pricier but I promise
you like it really doesn't irritate your
skin at all it's really great in Pretty
soothing so i have been using the UV
facial broad-spectrum SPF 30 plus you're
going to protect yourself in the Sun you
know it's you'll thank yourself later on
when you're older you're like damn I
should have protected myself in the Sun
now I have these like lines all over my
face and all that so start now that you
can't it's creamy hydrating it has great
UV protection and has zinc oxide so it's
going to protect your skin and not only
is it like a sunscreen of course which
is gonna protect you from the Sun it's
also a moisturizer so a moisturizer
doesn't break you out it doesn't have
that nasty like greasy feel like some
sunscreens do last but certainly not
least this is a lip balm now you're
probably wondering as well lip balms why
but this is my favorites video so I'm
showing you what I like this is from
Jack Black not Jack Black the actor jack
black men's products this is an intense
therapy lip Palm flip pong flip pong
this is on a chair and this is an
intense therapy lip Palm guys alright
I'm losing my mind SPF 25 also going to
protect you from the Sun great protected
for your lips if you're traveling summer
springtime a great favorite of mine that
I recommend to you as well so that is
all for today's spring favorites video
hope you guys enjoyed this hope you
found this entertaining
useful found some new items that perhaps
you want to get for yourself or you know
just like this video follow me on
instagram twitter facebook and also let
me know in the comment section down
below what do you recommend for me or
anyone else any spring items that you
like regarding fashion hair anything TV
show whatever you want to let me know
let me know down in the comments section
hope you guys take care have a great
weekend you guys are awesome and I'll
see you guys until next time
Oh